PREVIOUSLY ON
"PUSHING DAISIES"...
YOU ONLY GOT A MINUTE.
I KNOW.
60 SECONDS.
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
OHH!
WHAT IF YOU
DIDN'T HAVE TO BE DEAD?
YOU TOUCH MURDER VICTIMS,
YOU ASK WHO KILLED THEM.
YOU TOUCH THEM AGAIN,
THEY GO BACK TO BEING DEAD,
AND YOU COLLECT
THE REWARD?NOBODY CAN KNOW.
I CAN'T EVEN HUG YOU?YOU CAN'T TOUCH ME.
SO A KISS IS
OUT OF THE QUESTION?
WHO'S THE FUNNY GIRL
STUCK TO NED?CHILDHOOD SWEETHEART.
HE DIGS HER IN A WAY
HE DEFINITELY DOESN'T DIG YOU.
Chuck: THANK YOU FOR
BRINGING ME BACK TO LIFE.
PEOPLE AREN'T USED
TO THIS SORT OF THING.
ISSUES OF MORALITY,
HOW COME SHE'S NOT DEAD ANYMORE?
YOU UNDERSTAND
YOU CAN'T SEE YOUR AUNTS.
IT'D BE A DISASTER.
[ DOORBELL RINGS ]
THIS PIE
SMELLS DELICIOUS.
WE RECENTLY LOST
OUR NIECE.
YOUR NIECE,
CHARLOTTE CHARLES, IS DEAD?
PRESENTLY?
Narrator: AT THIS VERY MOMENT,
IN THE TOWN OF NORTH THRUSH,
YOUNG NED WAS...
LONELY.
UNABLE TO MAKE FRIENDS AT
THE LONGBURROW SCHOOL FOR BOYS,
HE OFTEN FOUND HIMSELF
PLAYING ALONE,
WITH NOTHING BUT MEMORIES
OF HAPPIER TIMES
TO KEEP HIS COMPANY.
WHAT YOUNG NED DID NOT REALIZE
WAS THAT,
BEYOND THE MEADOW
AND UNDER THE SAME ORANGE SKY,
SOMEONE HE LOVED
WAS REMEMBERING HIM.
HIS DOG, DIGBY.
IN FACT, THREE DAYS PRIOR,
DIGBY HAD MADE A DECISION.
WEARIED BY HIS OWN LONELINESS
BACK IN COEUR d'COEURS
AND SENSING HIS MASTER'S SORROW,
DIGBY SET OUT ON A MISSION.
UNCERTAIN AS TO
HIS EXACT DESTINATION,
HE VENTURED
INTO THE GREAT UNKNOWN,
GUIDED ONLY BY THE COMPASS
OF HIS HEART.
[ WHINES ]
[ ALARM RINGING ]
Narrator:
DESPITE NUMEROUS DISTRACTIONS,
[ SIREN WAILING ]DIGBY WAS DETERMINED
TO FIND YOUNG NED,
THE BOY WHO HAD GIVEN HIM
A SECOND CHANCE AT LIFE...
AND WHO WAS HIS BEST FRIEND.
UPON DOING SO, DIGBY PROVED THAT
LOVE CAN OVERCOME ANY OBSTACLE.
THE REUNION
WAS BITTERSWEET, HOWEVER,
AS THEY INSTANTLY REMEMBERED
THE RESTRICTIONS
OF THEIR FRIENDSHIP.
THEY COULD NOT TOUCH,
OR DIGBY WOULD DIE.
STILL, IT WAS ENOUGH.
[ PANTING ]
Narrator:
THAT DAY, DIGBY VOWED HE WOULD
NEVER AGAIN ALLOW HIMSELF
TO BE SEPARATED FROM HIS MASTER.
THE PIE MAKER DID NOT WISH
TO BE SEPARATED FROM CHUCK,
WHO, IN TURN, DID NOT WISH
TO BE SEPARATED FROM HER AUNTS,
LILY AND VIVIAN,
WHO CONTINUED TO BE CHALLENGED
BY SOCIAL PHOBIAS.
UNBEKNOWNST TO THE PIE MAKER,
CHUCK SECRETLY BAKED
HOMEOPATHIC MOOD ENHANCERS
INTO PIES FOR HER AUNTS,
HOPING THAT A SLICE A DAY
WOULD HERBALLY LIFT
THEIR SPIRITS.
OH, YOU'RE UP EARLY.
UM -- OH,
I COULDN'T SLEEP.
LUMPY MATTRESS?
LUMPY DREAMS.
WHICH ARE A LOT MORE
VIVID NOW THAN THEY
WERE BEFORE I DIED.
ISN'T THAT INTERESTING?
JUST ONE OF THOSE...
LITTLE THINGS.
WHAT ARE THOSE?
OH, I, UH...
GOT BIT.
THOSE ARE BEESTINGS.
HOW'D YOU GET STUNG
BY SO MANY BEES?
AND WHAT HAPPENED TO THE BEES
THAT STUNG YOU?
THAT'S A SUICIDE ATTACK.
NOT IN THIS CASE.
THEY, UH, SORT OF
STUNG ME, DIED,
THEN THEY FLEW AWAY AGAIN,
AND SOME OTHER BEES DIED.
[ CHUCKLES ]
DO YOU THINK THEIR HONEY
TASTES DIFFERENT
'CAUSE THEY DIED?
WOULDN'T THAT BE
INTERESTING?
JUST ONE OF
THOSE LITTLE THINGS.
I WANT TO SHOW YOU
SOMETHING.
Chuck: WHAT IS IT?
BEES!
YOURBEES.
MYBEES?
YOU MEAN...
NO, NOT THOSE BEES --
NEW BEES.
TECHNICALLY,
STILL YOUR BEES,
JUST...NOT THE BEES
THAT YOU KNEW.
BUT I'M SURE
THEY'RE EQUALLY NICE.
YOU DO REALIZE THAT BEEKEEPING
WITHIN CITY LIMITS
IS COMPLETELY ILLEGAL.
YES.
AND I'M ALMOST SURE
I DON'T CARE.
WELL, I CAN NOT CARE ENOUGH
FOR THE BOTH OF US.
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
WE CAN PLANT WILD FLOWERS
ON ROOFTOPS
AND BE UNORTHODOX
URBAN HONEY PIONEERS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANK YOU.
IF I COULD HUG YOU RIGHT NOW --
I KNOW THAT I CAN'T, BUT --
[ SIGHS ]
JUST KNOW THAT I WANT TO.
I DO.
Narrator:
AS CHUCK CONSIDERED HER FUTURE
AS AN UNORTHODOX
URBAN HONEY PIONEER...
OLIVE SNOOK CONSIDERED
HOW THE MAN SHE LOVED
SEEMED TO BE IN LOVE
WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
[ WHINES ]
Narrator: HER AFFECTION FOR
THE PIE MAKER HAD NOT WAVERED,
DESPITE THE ROMANTIC THREAT
OF A DEAD GIRL WHO WASN'TDEAD.
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU COULD DO THAT.
Narrator:
ON THE CONTRARY,
OLIVE'S RESOLVE
HAD ONLY INCREASED
SINCE THE REALIZATION
THAT CHUCK, INDEED,
WAS SUPPOSED TO BE DEAD.
GOOD MORNING!
OLIVE ASSUMED CHUCK HAD FAKED
HER OWN DEATH.
SHE WOULD KEEP THE SECRET
FOR NOW,
AS CHUCK KEPT HERSECRET
FROM THE PIE MAKER.
THERE'S A PIE IN MY OVEN.
OH, UH, THAT'S MINE.
I WAS PRACTICING.
IT SMELLS LIKE CHEESE.
IS IT QUICHE?
I BAKED MONASTERY GOUDA
INTO THE CRUST --
TART APPLE FILLING.
I THOUGHT I'D TRY IT.
Olive: YOU KNOW
WHAT WOULD BE DELICIOUS?
PEAR WITH GRUYèRE CRUST.
BET THAT'D BE REAL GOOD.
YEAH, IT WOULD.
Narrator:
UNBEKNOWNST TO CHUCK,
OLIVE UNDERSTOOD
THE DELICIOUSNESS
OF PEAR AND GRUYèRE...
THANK YOU.
Narrator: ...BECAUSE
SHE SECRETLY DELIVERED
THAT FIRST MOOD-ENHANCING PIE
TO AUNTS LILY AND VIVIAN,
AS SHE WOULD DELIVER
THIS ONE...
[ THUD, SQUAWK ]
Narrator: ...BUT NOT BEFORE
A COLLISION OCCURRED.
OH!
I THINK SHE'S DEAD!
CAN YOU FEEL A HEARTBEAT?
I DON'T...
D-DO HEARTBEATS.
WELL, THEY FEEL LIKE THIS.
COME HERE.
THUMP, THUMP.
[ HEART BEATING ]
IS THAT A DEAD BIRD?
WHY ARE YOU TOUCHING
A DEAD BIRD?
THROW THAT AWAY.
IT'S SWIMMING WITH DISEASE,
AND YOU SERVE FOOD.
DON'T BE SUCH
A DRAMA QUEEN.
BESIDES,
IT DOESN'T LOOK DISEASED.
IT'S DEAD, AND IT'S A BIRD.
IT'S DISEASED.
[ CHIRPING ]
[ GASPS ]
IT'S A MIRACLE BIRD!
IT'S SWIMMING IN MIRACLES,
NOTDISEASE!
MAYBE ISHOULD HOLD IT.
OH, NO, REALLY,
DO YOU HAVE TO?
SHE'S OBVIOUSLY
BEEN THROUGH A LOT,
AND SHE SEEMS REALLY HAPPY
TO BE HERE.
Narrator: HAVING BROUGHT
A DEAD THING BACK TO LIFE,
THE PIE MAKER FRETTED OVER WHO,
OR WHAT, WOULD PAY
FOR THATLIFE WITH ITS OWN.
I WONDER HOW
SHE LOST HER WING.
DOESN'T SEEM TO BE
IN ANY PAIN.
SHE'S PROBABLY NOT IN PAIN.
BUT WHAT DO I KNOW?
I'M NOT A BIRD.
PIGEON.
UH, PIGEON-TOED
AS A CHILD,
BUT ORTHOPEDIC SHOES
SOLVED THAT.
[ Chuckling ] YEAH.
WHAT IS THE RATE OF EXCHANGE
ON THE LIFE OF A BIRD?
'CAUSE IF IT'S EQUAL TO
OR GREATER THAN MINE,
I NEED TO GET BACK
TO MY CAR.
I'M MORE CONCERNED
FOR THAT SQUIRREL.
OH.
DON'T YOU WORRY. I KNOW
JUST WHAT TO DO WITH YOU.
I RECENTLY MADE THE ACQUAINTANCE
OF A PAIR OF BIRD LOVERS.
I'LL CONSULT THEM.
Narrator: OLIVE WAS REFERRING
TO AUNTS LILY AND VIVIAN.
REALLY? IUSED TO KNOW
A PAIR OF BIRD LOVERS.
Narrator: CHUCK ALSOREFERRED
TO AUNTS LILY AND VIVIAN.
USEDTO?
DID THEY DIE?
A DEATH WAS INVOLVED.
HOW UNFORTUNATE.
Narrator: THEY WERE BOTH SO BUSY
REFERRING AND INFERRING,
THEY FAILED TO NOTICE
THAT 60 SECONDS HAD PASSED.
THE PIE MAKER COULD NOT AFFORD
SUCH A LUXURY.
[ THUD ]
IT'S RAINING DEAD BIRDS!
[ AIRPLANE ENGINE BUZZING ]
WHAT'S GOING ON UP THERE?
Narrator: WHAT WAS GOING ON
UP THERE WAS THIS --
AN OUT-OF-CONTROL CROP DUSTER
CRASHED HEADFIRST
INTO THE BROADVIEW
LUXURY APARTMENT COMPLEX,
KILLING THE PILOT INSTANTLY.
HIS BODY WAS CATAPULTED
OUT OF THE COCKPIT
AND INTO THE LIVING ROOM
OF ONE CONRAD FITCH.
DOES THIS -- OH --
DOES THIS QUALIFY
AS AMBULANCE-CHASING?
I'M ASKING WITHOUT
ANY JUDGMENT AT ALL.
IF YOU'RE ASKING
WITHOUT ANY JUDGMENT,
THEN, YES, IT DOES.
LOOK FOR BODY BAGS.
THAT'S NOT OUR THING.
YOUR THING IS WAKING UP
DEAD PEOPLE.
MY THING IS FINDING DEAD PEOPLE
FOR YOU TO WAKE UP.
OOH, FOUND ONE.
WHY CAN'T WE JUST BE HERE AS
CONCERNED CITIZENS OF THE WORLD?
BECAUSE BIG DADDY
NEEDS SOME NEW YARN.
JUST BECAUSE
THERE'S A DEAD BODY
DOESN'T MEAN
YOU'RE GONNA GET PAID.
JUST BECAUSE THERE'S VODKA
IN MY FREEZER
DOESN'T MEAN
I HAVE TO DRINK IT.
WAIT, YES, IT DOES.
HE'S NOT WRONG.
PLANE CRASHES
INTO A BUILDING --
COULD MEAN A CIVIL SUIT,
CRIMINAL SUIT, NEGLIGENCE,
PAIN AND SUFFERING,
NEGLIGENT PAIN AND SUFFERING.
Narrator: CHUCK FOSTERED
HER LOVE OF THE LAW
BY VOLUNTEERING
AS A STAY-AT-HOME JUROR
FOR A PARAPLEGIC JUDGE.
WE THE JURY FIND
THE DEFENDANT GUILTY.
OH, I'M SORRY.
OOH! [ GASPS ]
Narrator: UNABLE TO CATCH CHUCK
WHEN SHE FELL,
THE PIE MAKER WAS FORCED
TO STEP ASIDE,
ALLOWING ANOTHER MAN
TO CATCH HER.
[ EXHALES ]
THANK YOU.
FORGIVE THE MESS.
THE MAID COMES TOMORROW.
GUESS I SHOULD
CANCEL THAT.
DO YOU LIVE HERE?
UNTIL VERY RECENTLY.
CAN YOU PUT HER DOWN,
PLEASE?
UNH.
AT LEAST YOUR COLLECTION
OF NAUTICAL PLATES SURVIVED.
[ SHATTERING ]
THOSE WERE FRANKLIN MINT.
OH. I'M SORRY.
NO, IT'S OKAY.
I'LL BE OKAY.
I WAS FEELING LIKE I NEEDED
TO SIMPLIFY MY LIFE, ANYWAY.
Narrator: CHUCK'S HEART WENT OUT
TO THE MAN WITH THE PLANE
IN HIS LIVING ROOM,
DESPITE THE PIE MAKER WANTING
HER HEART FOR HIMSELF.
SUDDENLY, AMBULANCE-CHASING
DIDN'T SEEM LIKE A BAD IDEA.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
THE AMBULANCE IS LEAVING.
OH, YOU GO AHEAD.
I'M GONNA STAY HERE,
SEE IF THERE'S ANYTHING
I CAN DO.
I'M SURE HE'S FINE.
STATISTICALLY SPEAKING,
HIS DAY CAN ONLY IMPROVE.
DEAD PILOT, ON THE OTHER HAND,
PROBABLY HAS LOTS
OF LAST WISHES.
YEAH, LIKE MAYBE HE WISHED
HE'D HAVE TURNED LEFT.
YOU DON'T NEED ME
FOR THAT.
SHE'S GOT A POINT.
BUT --
DON'T ARGUE WITH THE WOMAN.
WE GOT A DEAD GUY TO TALK TO.
Narrator:
THE FACTS WERE THESE --
ONE BRADAN CADEN,
AN AGRICULTURAL AVIATOR,
WAS 53 YEARS, 21 WEEKS, 5 DAYS,
6 HOURS, AND 19 MINUTES OLD,
WHEN HIS CROP DUSTER COLLIDED
WITH THE BROADVIEW
LUXURY APARTMENT COMPLEX.
IT WAS 17 MINUTES
AFTER THE COLLISION,
AND MR. CADEN'S INSURANCE AGENT
HAD ALREADY REJECTED THE CLAIM
ON HIS LIFE POLICY
BEFORETHE CLAIM WAS EVEN MADE.
DID YOU SEE THE WAY
HE JUST SWEPT IN THERE?
YEAH, SO?
I DON'T SWEEP.
I'M NOT A SWEEPER.
YEAH,
IT'S A LITTLE SHOWY.IT'S A LOTSHOWY.
AND WHAT'S A ROOFTOP FULL
OF BEES COMPARED TO SOMEONE
WHO CAN CATCH HER
WHEN SHE FALLS?
I CAN'T CATCH HER,
EMERSON.
CAN'T SUCK ON HER TOES,
NEITHER.
SOME WOMEN LIKE THAT.
Narrator:
BRADAN CADEN'S WIFE, BECKY,
BELIEVED HER HUSBAND
WAS NOTSUICIDAL
AND WAS, IN FACT, A HAPPY MAN.
HE WAS A HAPPY MAN.
THESE INSURANCE PEOPLE
MAKING ASSUMPTIONS
ABOUT A PERSON'S
DISPOSITION --
ONE SHOULD NEVER ASSUME.
AN INSURANCE AGENT
CAN'T SPEAK
TO THE DECEASED'S
STATE OF MIND.
THEY DIDN'T KNOW THE DECEASED.
YOUDID.
PARDON ME. I COULDN'T HELP
BUT OVERHEAR YOUR CONVERSATION.
I BELIEVE
I COULD BE HELPFUL.
MAY I HAVE A WORD WITH YOU?
WHY ARE YOU BOTHERING
THIS POOR WOMAN?
YOU AND THAT WHITE BOY GOT
SOME KIND OF SHIFTY GOING ON?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT,
BUT YOU'RE SHIFTY.
I'M HERE AS A CONCERNED CITIZEN
OF THE WORLD.
YOU MAKING A DIME,
CONCERNED CITIZEN?
MAYBE ONE OR TWO
TO RUB TOGETHER.
WELL, THEN, FLIES LAND ON ME,
THEY PAY RENT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
EXCUSE ME. I'M J-JUST GONNA...
[ WATCH TICKING ]
HELLO.
ARE YOU THE FELLOW
THAT JUMPED ON MY PLANE?
NO. A FELLOW JUMPED
ON YOUR PLANE?
I WAS HIJACKED.
IS THAT WHY
YOUR PLANE CRASHED?
OH, YES, SIRREE.
MR. CADEN.
I WAS DUSTING SOYBEANS,
OR GETTING READY TO,
AND DIPPY IN A PRISON-ORANGE
JUMPSUIT CLIMBED ABOARD.
DIPPY WAS ON BOARD
WHEN YOUR PLANE CRASHED?
BUT YOU WERE THE ONLY DEAD
DIPPY -- BODY -- THEY FOUND.
THEN DIPPY'S NOT DEAD.
LUCKY HIM.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
WHAT IN THE HELL?
THE PLANE WAS HIJACKED.
HOW'D YOU COME BY THAT?
DNA-ish.
Narrator: OLIVE SNOOK
CAME TO COEUR d'COEURS
ON A WING AND A PRAYER.
WITH A GILDED CAGE HOUSING
THE MONOWINGED BIRD IN ONE HAND
AND A PIE BOX IN THE OTHER,
SHE SET OUT TO EXPOSE
CHARLOTTE CHARLES,
ALSO KNOWN AS "CHUCK,"
AS A FAKER OF DEATHS.
Lily: MM-HMM.
IT'S A CARRIER PIGEON.
DISEASES OR MESSAGES?
[ PIGEON COOING ]
BOTH.
A BIRD WITH GOSSIP.
HOW EXCITING.
DO YOU OPEN
OTHER PEOPLE'S MAIL?
WELL, WHO'S THE PEOPLE
AND HOW HARD IS IT TO OPEN?
[ LAUGHS ]
I DON'T KNOW WHERE
THAT CAME FROM.
WHAT'S GOTTEN INTO YOU?
Narrator: WHAT HAD GOTTEN
INTO BOTH OF THEM
WAS THEIR NIECE'S
HOMEOPATHIC PIE.
AS WITH ANY MOOD STABILIZER,
MOODS WERE A BIT INCONSISTENT
AT THE START.
DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN FIX HER?
SHE'LL ONLY GO OUT THERE
AND GET HURT AGAIN.
COYOTES WILL HAVE THEIR WAY
WITH HER.
SHE WAS MEANT TO FLY.
SHE NEEDS TO FULFILL HER DESTINY
AND DELIVER THAT MESSAGE.
A BIRD THAT STALKS
DOWN HIS NARROW CAGE
CAN SELDOM SEE THROUGH
HIS BARS OF RAGE!
[ COUGHS ]
IT WOULDN'T HURT TO TRY.
THAT'S THE SPIRIT.
AND ONCE WE FIX PIDGE,
WE CAN CELEBRATE --
BY TAKING A TRIP
TO THE PIE HOLE.
IT'S A NIFTY SPOT WITH LOTS
OF INTERESTING FOLKS.
YOU NEVER KNOW
WHO YOU MIGHT RUN INTO.
Narrator: WITH THAT, OLIVE SNOOK
SET HER PLAN IN MOTION.
WHY WOULD WE GO OUT
FOR PIE
WHEN YOU JUST
BROUGHT US ONE?
I'LL THINK OF A REASON.
Narrator:
WHILE OLIVE SNOOK CONSIDERED
HOW TO GET LILY AND VIVIAN
OUT OF THEIR RUT,
THE PIE MAKER WAS CONSIDERING
WORST-CASE SCENARIOS,
NOT ONLY FOR A ROGUE HIJACKER,
WHO HE HAD BEEN HIRED
TO FIND BY BECKY CADEN,
BUT FOR CHUCK AND THE MAN
WHO CAUGHT HER
IN A WAY THE PIE MAKER
NEVER COULD.
THEY'RE NOT HERE.
THIS IS BAD.
WELL, MAYBE THEY WENT
FOR A STROLL.
THAT WOULD NOT
MAKE IT BETTER.
WELL, WHAT'S WORSE --
THE TWO OF THEM
LOCKED UP IN THE TRUNK
OF A HIJACKER'S CAR
OR SIPPING MIMOSAS
IN A HOTEL ROOM?
I'M NOT A FAN
OF EITHER SCENARIO,
AND WHAT'S THAT SMELL?
I THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE
YOUR COLOGNE.
WHO WEARS COLOGNE?
IWEAR COLOGNE!
[ SCOFFS ]
LOOK.
THEY HAD COFFEE.
OHH!
THERE'S SOMETHING BAD
IN THERE.
AAH!
MNH-MNH!
IS THAT THE HIJACKER?
WHAT KIND OF FOOL HIJACKER
HIDES HIMSELF
IN A DAMN COFFEE TABLE?
OW! OHH!
DAMN GOUT.
AAH, I'M SO CRAMPED, I FEEL LIKE
I'M STUFFED IN A TRUNK.
YOU ARESTUFFED
IN A TRUNK.
DON'T CONTRADICT AN OLD MAN.
IT'S DISRESPECTFUL.
DID YOU HIJACK THAT PLANE?
WHAT PLANE?
OH, HELL'S FIRE.
THAT THING FLEW
INTO MY APARTMENT!
THIS IS YOUR APARTMENT?
WHAT'D I JUST SAY?
THERE I WAS,
ENJOYING MY DAILY PRUNES
AND THE PSYLLIUM POWDER
AND HOPING FOR THE BEST.
AND SUDDENLY, I SEE THAT THING
FLYING AT ME.
IF THIS IS YOUR APARTMENT,
THEN WHO IS CONRAD?
WHAT IS THIS --
THE IDIOT BRIGADE?
[ Sing-song voice ] HELLO.
OH.
DO YOU LIKE PIE?
IT WOULD BE CRIMINAL
NOT TO LIKE PIE.
EVERYTHING I AM,
EVERYTHING I WAS,
EVERYTHING
THAT REPRESENTED ME
AS A HUMAN BEING
WAS IN THERE.
I HAVE TO START OVER.
I LOST EVERYTHING ONCE.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
DID A PLANE FLY
INTO YOUR LIVING ROOM?
NO.
WELL, WAS IT ARSON?
NO, IT WAS SOMETHING ELSE,
BUT I FELT A QUEER THRILL
OF OPPORTUNITY.
TO GET NEW STUFF?
TO LET GO OF EVERYTHING ABOUT ME
THAT I DIDN'T LIKE
AND TO HOLD ONTO EVERYTHING
ABOUT ME THAT I DID.
WELL, I'VE JUST MET YOU,
BUT I...CAN'T IMAGINE
ANYTHING ABOUT YOU
THAT ISN'T SOMETHING
TO LIKE.
Narrator:
CHUCK'S FIRST THOUGHT WAS TO
QUICKLY PULL HER HAND AWAY.
HER SECOND THOUGHT
WAS HOW NICE IT FELT
TO HAVE SOMEONEHOLD HER HAND.
OH. [ CHUCKLES ]
SORRY.
WAS THAT YOUR BOYFRIEND
BACK THERE,
THE ONE WHO TOOK A STEP BACK
TO LET YOU FALL?
HE DIDN'T LET ME FALL.
IT WAS ACTUALLY
A VERY AFFECTIONATE
GESTURE IN CONTEXT.
Narrator: IF IT WAS ONLY
THE PIE MAKER'S HAND.
CAN I ASK YOU
A SMALL FAVOR?
WOULD YOU HOLD MY HAND
JUST FOR A MOMENT,
BUT DON'T SAY ANYTHING?
AND I'M GONNA CLOSE
MY EYES.
ALL RIGHT.
Narrator: IN THAT MOMENT,
CHUCK WASHOLDING
THE PIE MAKER'S HAND...
...IF ONLY BY PROXY.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
Narrator: IT WAS THE PROXY
THAT CONCERNED THE PIE MAKER.
I GOT TO PEE.
HOW DID IT GO?
WHERE DID HE GO?
CONRAD? HE WAS GOING
TO THE BATHROOM.
HE'S NOT CONRAD.
HE'S THE HIJACKER.
AND HE'S GOING TO THE BATHROOM
IN MY KITCHEN.
BOY, YOU MISS ONE TRIP
TO THE MORGUE...
[ GRUNTING ]
[ POP! ]OHH!
OHH!
IS THIS THE HAND
YOU WERE HOLDING?
WELL, HE'S A GREAT BIG FIBBER,
THEN, ISN'T HE?
A GREAT BIG FIBBER,
WHOSE HAND YOU WERE HOLDING.
WHAT'S THAT ABOUT?
I WAS --
I-IF YOU MUST KNOW...
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
I WAS PRETENDING I WAS HOLDING
YOURHAND.
IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO MAKE ME FEEL BETTER?
WELL...YEAH.
OH, WELL, ON ONE HAND,
IT DOES MAKE ME FEEL BETTER.
ON THE OTHER HAND -- THE HAND
YOU WERE HOLDING -- IT DOESN'T.
NED,
HE'S AN ESCAPED CONVICT.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW THAT
WHEN YOU HELD HIS HAND.
AND P.S., NOT ONLY
IS HE AN ESCAPED CONVICT --
HE'S ALSO A HIJACKER
WHO'S PREVENTED
THOUSANDS OF CROPS
FROM BEING
AERIALLY FERTILIZED.
AND HE STUFFED A SURLY OLD
DEAD GUY IN A TRUNK.
I'M NOT SAYING
THAT HE ISN'T GUILTY,
AND I'M NOT SAYING
THAT I AM.
I'M JUST SAYING
THAT IT'S NOT ABOUT HIM.
NO, IT'S ABOUT OUR CLIENT,
BECKY CADEN,
WIFE OF BRADAN CADEN,
THE WOMAN
YOUR HANDYMAN WIDOWED
WHEN HE DECIDED TO CROP-DUST
SOMEONE'S LIVING ROOM.
DID YOU CATCH HIM?
[ SIGHS ] THAT ONE-ARMED BITCH
WAS SPEEDY.
BUT I CHECKED IN WITH MY PEOPLE
AT THE PRISON.
YOU GOT "PEOPLE"?
THAT'S SO NEAT.
DID YOU FIND OUT
ANYTHING GOOD?
YES.
AND WE'RE GONNA NEED SHOVELS.
Narrator: EMERSON COD
HAD LEARNED THREE THINGS --
FIRST, THE MAN THEY KNEW
AS CONRAD FITCH
WAS ACTUALLY ONE
LEMUEL WINEGARD,
A LOW-LEVEL EMPLOYEE
OF A COMPANY CALLED
ORNAN ENERGY.
SECOND, ORNAN WAS
AN ENERGY-BASED CORPORATION
KNOWN FOR SEVERAL TYPES
OF TRADING --
PLASTICS, STEEL, AND INSIDER.
THE LATTER COST LEMUEL
HIS RIGHT HAND.
AAH!
Narrator:
IT ALSO COST HIM HIS FREEDOM.
THIRD, DURING HIS INCARCERATION,
LEMUEL BECAME KNOWN
AS "LEFTY LEM,"
A NAME GIVEN TO HIM
BY HIS CELLMATE, JACKSON LUCAS,
AN INFAMOUS DIAMOND THIEF,
WHOSE FINAL ESCAPADE
RESULTED IN A BURIED TREASURE
THAT WAS NEVER RECOVERED...
...EVEN AFTER HE DIED.
HE ENDED UP IN A PRISON
GRAVEYARD WITH HIS SECRET.
OH, SO LEFTY LEM WAS
A WHITE-COLLAR CRIMINAL.
THAT MAKES MUCH MORE SENSE.
OH, YEAH, THANK YOU.
GONNA GET PAID ONCE
BY THE PILOT'S WIDOW
WHEN WE PROVE HER HUSBAND'S
DEATH WASN'T A SUICIDE --
DEAD BODIES ALWAYS LEAD
TO PAYDAYS.
YEAH, YEAH,
"VODKA IN THE FREEZER."
GONNA GET PAID TWICE
BY THE FEDS
WHEN THEY GIVE US THE REWARD
FOR KICKING LEFTY'S ASS
BACK TO THE CLINK,
WHERE HE BELONGS.
LOOKING FORWARD TO THAT.
AND GONNA GET PAID THRICE
BY FINDING JACKSON'S
BURIED BOOTY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HEY!
[ CLANK! ]
HEY.
COME TO PAPA.
Ned: WAIT. YOU MIGHT WANT
TO AVERT YOUR EYES.
THERE'S A GOOD CHANCE
HE'LL BE ON THE DEWY SIDE.
DAMN. I HATEDEWY.
ARE YOU MAD AT ME?
WHY WOULD I BE MAD?
FOR HOLDING SOMEONE'S HAND
THAT WASN'T YOURS.
SERIOUSLY,
IN A PRISON GRAVEYARD --
THAT'S WHERE Y'ALL ARE GONNA
HAVE THIS CONVERSATION?
YOU SHOULD, UH,
BREATHE THROUGH YOUR MOUTHS.
[ COFFIN LID CLATTERS ]
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
I WOULD HAVE PREFERRED
A LITTLE MORE EYEBALL.
Emerson: JUST TOUCH
THE DAMN THING.
NO, WAIT.FOR WHAT?
A LITTLE DIGNITY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANKS.
[ WATCH TICKING ]
I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING!
AM I BLIND?
THE GOOD NEWS IS,
YOU'RE NOT BLIND.
BAD NEWS IS,
YOU'RE DEAD.
MAKES BLIND SEEM LIKE A WALK
IN THE PARK, DOESN'T IT?
WHERE'D YOU BURY
YOUR LOOT, JACK?
HA!
WHY SHOULD I TELL YOU?
GOOD KARMA.
IT'S LIKE CURRENCY
IN THE AFTERLIFE.
IN THE OLD WINDMILL
ON THE VonRoenn FARM,
AT THE BOTTOM
OF THE STAIRS.
HOW MUCH THAT WORTH?
PLENTY.
ASK HIM ABOUT LEFTY.
DID YOU TELL HIM
WHERE YOU BURIED IT?
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
OF COURSE I DID.
OWED HIM THAT MUCH.
W-WHAT DID YOU
OWE HIM FOR?
KEEPING THE FIRE ALIVE.
ALL RIGHT,
WE GOT A WINDMILL TO FIND.
Narrator: CHUCK'S FIRE
MAY NOT BE ALIVE,
AS FAR AS HER AUNTS LILY
AND VIVIAN WERE CONCERNED,
BUT OLIVE WAS DOING HER BEST
TO REIGNITE IT.
BRACKETS.
RIBBON.
BEJEWELER.
CAN I DO ONE?
MAYBE THE LAST ONE.
IF YOU LIKE, WE COULD
BEJEWEL PIDGE'S BIRDHOUSE
WHEN WE'RE DONE.
PIDGE'S HOUSE
IS ONLY TEMPORARY.
NO SENSE IN BEJEWELING AN EMPTY
HOME, IS THERE, PIDGE?
THERE'S SOMETHING SO SAD
ABOUT AN EMPTY BIRDHOUSE.
WHEN ONE OF OUR BIRDS DIES,
WE TAXIDERM IT IMMEDIATELY --
PUT IT RIGHT BACK
ON ITS PERCH.
VIVIAN DOES WONDERS
WITH SAND AND THREAD.
AND LITTLE MARBLE EYES.
IT'S LIKE OUR BIRDS
NEVER LEFT US AT ALL.
YOU CAN'T PUT EVERYTHING
BACK ON ITS PERCH.
IT MUST HAVE BEEN
ALL KINDS OF HORRIBLE FOR YOU
WHEN CHARLOTTE LEFT.
SHE DIDN'T LEAVE.
SHE DIED.
AND NO AMOUNT OF SAND OR THREAD
OR LITTLE MARBLE EYES
WILL EVER BRING HERBACK.
Narrator: BUT OLIVE DIDN'T NEED
SAND OR THREAD
OR LITTLE MARBLE EYES
TO BRING CHUCK BACK.
SHE NEEDED A CONFLUENCE
OF EVENTS.
WING.
Narrator:
AND SHE WAS ABOUT TO GET ONE.
WING.
[ COOING ]
CAN I DO THE LAST BEJEWEL?
[ SNAPS ]I ALREADY DID IT.
[ COOING ]
OH!
WHAT DO YOU THINK, PIDGE?
Narrator: AND WHILE OLIVE,
THE AUNTS, AND PIDGE
LOOKED FORWARD TO THE NEXT STEP
IN THEIR JOURNEY,
ANOTHER JOURNEY HAD REACHED
A DEAD END.
IS SHE DEAD?
LEFTY LEM HAS OFFICIALLY
TAKEN THE LEAD.
DO YOU THINK FAKE CONRAD
KILLED HER?
OCKHAM'S RAZOR --
ALL THINGS BEING EQUAL,
THE SIMPLEST SOLUTION
TENDS TO BE THE BEST ONE.
I USED TO BELIEVE THAT
UNTIL YOU BROUGHT ME
BACK FROM THE DEAD --
KIND OF SCREWS THE THEORY.
[ WATCH TICKING ]
MAYBE YOUR FINGER
NEEDS A NEW BATTERY.
HERE, LET ME TRY.
[ SNORTS ] OW!
HE DID IT.HE DID IT.
OH! I MUST HAVE DOZED OFF AGAIN.
UH, CAN I HELP YOU?
WE'RE LOOKING FOR A WINDMILL,
A VonRoenn-VARIETY WINDMILL.
OH, THAT'S FUNNY.
A YOUNG MAN WAS JUST IN HERE,
ASKING ABOUT THE VonRoenn MILL.
HE DIDN'T HAPPEN TO HAVE
ONE ARM, DID HE?
AS A MATTER OF FACT, HE DID.
[ Sneezing ] OCKHAM'S!BLESS YOU.
THANK YOU.
THE WINDMILL --
WHAT HAPPENED TO IT?
RAZED, WRECKED,
REBUILT, REMOVED?
RETIRED.
NO FARM, NO USE.
GOT SHIPPED OFF TO "NARM"
SOME 20 YEARS AGO.
WHY DID THEY SEND IT
TO NAM?
DID THE VIETNAMESE
NEED WINDMILLS?
N.A.R.M. -- NATIONAL AREA
OF RETIRED MILLS.
THE VonRoenn MILL
HAS BEEN PRESERVED
FOR AN HISTORICAL LANDMARK.
I HAVE A MAP HERE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
NOW, THAT'S NARCOLEPTIC.
NECROPHILIAC'S THE OTHER ONE.
YEAH.
Narrator:
ARMED WITH A NEW PLAN,
THE PIE MAKER AND ASSOCIATES
LEFT THE NARCOLEPTIC CURATOR
TO HER DREAMS.
MEANWHILE,
BACK IN COEUR d'COEURS,
A TINY FRIEND WAS PLANNING
HER OWN ESCAPE.
OLIVE'S DISDAIN FOR CHUCK
WAS SPLIT IN TWO --
ONE FOR STEALING
THE PIE MAKER'S HEART
AND THE OTHER
FOR BREAKING THE AUNTS'.
YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO READ
PIDGE'S MESSAGE.
LILY WOULD BE
SO DISPLEASED.
THERE WAS AN INCIDENT.
I READ SOMETHING
THAT I SHOULDN'T HAVE,
AND THEN LIFE
WENT HORRIBLY AWRY.
LILY NEVER FORGAVE ME.
SHE SAID SHE DID,
BUT SHE DIDN'T.
WOW. NOW I'M MORE INTERESTED
IN THATSTORY.
LET'S PUT PIDGE BACK
INTO HER HOUSE.
PIDGE HAS LEFT THE BUILDING.
I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY HER EMPTY BIRDHOUSE
MAKES YOU SAD.
MAYBE YOU COULD FILL IT
WITH ALL YOUR CHARLOTTE SADNESS
AND HANG IT IN A SPECIAL PLACE
IN YOUR SOUL.
THAT'S AN AWFULLY SAD
BIRDHOUSE
TO HAVE HANGING
IN ONE'S SOUL.
HANG IT SOMEPLACE
YOU DON'T HAVE TO SEEIT.
IT WON'T ALWAYS BE SAD.
IT'LL BE THE HAPPIEST LITTLE
BIRDHOUSE WHEN YOU'RE READY.
MAKE A LITTLE BIRDHOUSE
IN YOUR SOUL.
DON'T ENCOURAGE HER.
I THINK SHE LOOKS DIVINE.
[ COOING ]
SON OF A BITCH.
WAIT! YOU FORGOT YOUR MESSAGE!
PIDGE!
PIDGE, WAIT!
YOU FORGOT YOUR MESSAGE!
Narrator: AS THE AUNTS WATCHED
OLIVE SCREAM FOR HELP...
PIDGE!
HELP ME! PIDGE!
Narrator: ...THEY CONSIDERED
THEIR OWN BIRDCAGE
AND WONDERED IF THEY WERE READY
TO LEAVE IT BEHIND.
A FEW MILES AWAY...
LOOKING OUT ACROSS THE FIELDS,
A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN NAMED ELSITA
WAITED FOR THE MAN SHE LOVED
TO MAKE HER HEART COMPLETE.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
LITTLE DID SHE KNOW LEFTY LEM
WAS ALREADY ON HIS WAY.
WHAT THE HELL DO YOUWANT?
I'M FROM THE PAPEN COUNTY
HISTORICAL SOCIETY.
WE'D LIKE TO PHOTOGRAPH
THESE PREMISES
FOR OUR 87th ANNUAL
"MILLS OF THE WIND"
PAPEN COUNTY COLLECTOR'S
CALENDAR.
WHERE'S YOUR CAMERA?
IT'S IN THE CAR.
YOU'RE LYING.
BUT I'M BORED.
Olive and Vivian:
♪ I'M YOUR ONLY FRIEND
♪ I'M NOT YOUR ONLY FRIEND
♪ BUT I'M A LITTLE
GLOWING FRIEND ♪
♪ BUT, REALLY, I'M NOT
ACTUALLY YOUR FRIEND ♪
♪ BUT I AM
♪ BLUE CANARY IN THE OUTLET
BY THE LIGHT SWITCH ♪
♪ WHO WATCHES OVER YOU
♪ MAKE A LITTLE BIRDHOUSE
IN YOUR SOUL ♪
♪ NOT TO PUT TOO FINE
A POINT ON IT ♪
♪ SAY I'M THE ONLY BEE
IN YOUR BONNET ♪
♪ MAKE A LITTLE BIRDHOUSE
IN YOUR SOU-U-U-U-L ♪
NEVER MIND THE SINGING.
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THAT BIRD.
OH.
YOU KNOW
WHAT OUR PROBLEM IS.
IF YOU'RE REFERRING
TO THE TOUCHING THING,
I SEE IT AS MORE OF AN OBSTACLE
THAN A PROBLEM.
IT'S A PRETTY BIG
OBSTACLE.
NOT COMPARED
TO OUR OTHER PROBLEMS.
WE'VE GOT
"OTHER PROBLEMS"?
I'M GONNA KILL MYSELF.
THERE'S SO MUCH
I'M LEARNING ABOUT YOU.
SUCH AS?
YOU'RE ROMANTIC.
WHEN THE MOOD STRIKES.
AND YOU'RE JEALOUS
EVERYONE'S
A LITTLE JEALOUS.
I MEAN, IF YOU'RE NOT
A LITTLE JEALOUS,
YOU'RE PROBABLY...
[ EXHALES RAGGEDLY ]
CAN WE NOT TALK ABOUT THIS?
THE ANSWER TO YOUR QUERY
IS "YES."
NO, ACTUALLY,
I-I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THIS.
I COULD LET IT GO, BUT LIKE
THE CAT, IT WILL COME BACK,
WHICH I WOULDN'T CALL
ANNOYING,
BUT THERE'S NO REALLY GREAT WAY
OF SAYING "HALF ANNOYING,"
WHICH IT IS A LITTLE BIT.
SEE?
ISN'T THIS NEAT?
HERE WE WERE, THINKING ALL
WE HAD WAS ONE BIG PROBLEM,
WHEN, IN ACTUAL FACT, WE HAVE
HUNDREDS OF LITTLE PROBLEMS
THAT WE GOT TO SORT OUT
BEFORE WE EVEN GET TO
THE BIG PROBLEM,
WHICH MEANS WE'RE LIKE
EVERYBODY ELSE IN THE WORLD.
EXCEPT I STILL CAN'T
CATCH YOU.
YEAH, WE TAKING TWO CARS
NEXT TIME.
THAT'S A BIG AX.
OH, I'M NOT GONNA HURT YOU.
I PROMISE.
THIS IS, UH, JUST
A PRECAUTIONARY MEASURE.
WOULDN'T IT BE EASIER
IF YOU PUT THE AX DOWN,
THEN TIED THE ROPE?
IT'S FUNNY -- YOU REALLY
ARE A ONE-ARMED BANDIT.
YOUR NAME'S NOT McCLAPPING,
IS IT?
AS IN "THE SOUND
OF ONE HAND"...
NO.
'CAUSE NAMES ARE DESTINY.
IF YOU THINK
"DWAYNE CLOGGIN"
AIN'T GONNA GROW UP
TO BE A PLUMBER,
THEN YOU JUST
THINK AGAIN.
OH, NO, YOU DIDN'T USE BOWS
TO TIE ME UP, DID YOU?
YOU TAKE A HOSTAGE
LIKE YOU TIE YOUR SNEAKERS.
WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?
WELL, I WAS BORN INTO
THE LIFE OF WINDMILLERY.
[ KNOCKING ]
ARE YOU GONNA LISTEN,
OR ARE YOU GONNA KEEP KNOCKING?
I'M LISTENING.
YOU WERE BORN INTO
THE LIFE OF WINDMILLERY.
ALWAYS WAITING ON THE WIND
TO SHOW UP,
SO YOU CAN START WORK,
AND I'M NO GOOD AT WAITING.
I'M TIRED OF IT.
YOU SURE IT WAS THE WIND
THAT YOU WERE A-WAITING FOR?
DID YOU JUST SAY
"A-WAITING"?
'CAUSE IF YOU ARE
MIMICKING ME,
I WILL BE OUT
OF THESE GIRLY BOWS
FASTER THAN A SNAKE
THROUGH WEEDS!
I WASN'T THINKING,
AND I APOLOGIZE.
IT'S JUST, WELL,
I HAVE A LOT ON MY MIND,
AND I'M IN A BIT
OF A RUSH.
OH, WHERE YOU RUSHING TO?
WELL, I DON'T
REALLY KNOW YET.
WELL, MAYBE YOU BETTER
FIGURE THAT OUT.
GO BACK TO YOUR KNOCKING.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
[ KNOCKING ]
COME ON, PIDGE!
YOU CAN DO IT!
NOT EVEN A BREEZE
TO HELP POOR PIDGE,
WHICH IS KIND OF IRONIC,
GIVEN THE SURROUNDINGS.
PIDGE! COME ON!
Narrator: THE PIGEON,
GROWING FATIGUED WITH EACH FLAP
OF HER TAXIDERMIED WING,
KNEW SOMETHING
THE OTHERS DID NOT.
[ SQUAWKS ]HER JOURNEY WAS ALMOST COMPLETE.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
OH.
WHAT WAS THAT?
[ COOING ]
IT'S MY BIRD!
[ GASPS ]
[ COOING ]
THAT'S MYBIRD.
WHAT ARE YOU ON ABOUT?
IT'S MYBIRD.
I'LL PROVE IT.
I WROTE THE NOTE.
WHERE'S THE NOTE?
Olive: HELLO?
CAN I GET MY BIRD BACK,
PLEASE?
YOURBIRD?  YOURBIRD?
YES, MY BIRD.
SHE'S A CARRIER PIGEON.
SHE HAS A MESSAGE,
AND SHE HAS TO CARRY IT.
IT'S WHAT SHE DOES.
THAT'S MY MESSAGE.
ELSA?
I'M ELSITA.
JACKSON?
I'M LEM.
ELSA WAS MY MAMA.
JACKSON WAS
MY PRISON BUNKMATE.
IS "BUNKMATE"
A EUPHEMISM FOR --
NOT IN THIS CASE, MA'AM.[ THUNDER CRASHING ]
Narrator: THERE WAS
A BITTER CHILL IN THE AIR
THE NIGHT JACKSON LUCAS FOUND
REFUGE IN THE VonRoenn WINDMILL.
ALREADY FIVE DAYS ON THE LAM,
HE KNEW THE POLICE
WERE CLOSING IN.
TO PRESERVE HIS DREAMS
OF ONE DAY OWNING
AN ART GALLERY IN MEXICO,
JACKSON DECIDED TO BURY
HIS STOLEN TREASURE
IN THE STAIRCASE OF THE
SEEMINGLY ABANDONED PROPERTY.
[ FLOORBOARD CREAKS ]
HIS HEART STOPPED, HOWEVER,
WHEN HE SAW AN ANGELIC CREATURE
DESCENDING THE STAIRS.
HER NAME WAS ELSA,
AND THIS WAS HER WINDMILL.
MY NAME IS ELSA.
THIS IS MY WINDMILL.
Narrator:
IT WAS LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT.
KNOWING HE HAD VERY LITTLE TIME
LEFT, HE KISSED HER.
IT WAS A PERFECT MOMENT.
THE NEXT MOMENT WAS NOT.
I'LL WRITE YOU!
Narrator:
ELSA KEPT TRUE TO HER WORD.
FOR THE NEXT 20 YEARS,
SHE AND JACKSON CONTINUED THEIR
LOVE AFFAIR BY CORRESPONDENCE,
LETTERS SENT TO AND FRO
WITH THE HELP OF HER VIRTUALLY
UNTRACEABLE CARRIER PIGEON,
UNTIL THE DAY JACKSON KNEW
HE WOULD NO LONGER BE ABLE
TO KEEP HIS PROMISE.
SOMEONE ELSE WOULD HAVE
TO DO IT FOR HIM.
AFTER JACKSON DIED,
I STARTED TO PLAN MY ESCAPE.
IT TOOK ME TWO YEARS.
AND ALL THAT TIME,
I KEPT WRITING TO ELSA.
FIRST, I WAS WRITING
OUT OF LOYALTY TO THE MAN
WHO TAUGHT ME THE ROPES
IN PRISON,
BUT AFTER A WHILE,
I STARTED TO DEVELOP...
A CONDITION?
FOR ELSA -- AT LEAST,
I THOUGHT IT WAS ELSA.
AND MAMA MADE ME SWEAR
ON HER DEATHBED
THAT I'D NEVER STOP WRITING
TO JACKSON,
SAID IT WOULD BREAK HIS HEART
TO LEARN THAT SHE DIED.
BUT EACH LETTER WAS MORE
BEAUTIFUL THAN THE LAST,
AND I FOUND MYSELF
LOOKING FORWARD TO THEM.
WELL, YOUR LETTERS
WERE BEAUTIFUL, TOO.
WHAT'S THE BIG WHOOP?
PIDGE BROUGHT THEM
TOGETHER.
Olive:
HOW DID SHE LOSE HER WING?
I TOOK HER WITH ME
ON THE PLANE
WHEN I BUSTED OUT
OF PRISON.
SHE FLEW OUT THE WINDOW
AFTER TAKEOFF
AND WENT RIGHT
THROUGH THE PROPELLER.
OH!
PIDGECRASHED THE PLANE.
[ Chuckling ] OH, PIDGE.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE DIAMONDS?
Together: "DIAMONDS"?
OH. OH.
HOLY CRAP!
HMM.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
[ POUNDING ON DOOR ]
NOW, NOW,
LET'S NOT PANIC.
I'M SURE
IT'S JUST THE MAILMAN
OR A WINDMILL-TO-WINDMILL
SALESMAN.
LET ME HANDLE IT.
Narrator: AS OLIVE PEEPED
THROUGH THE PEEPHOLE,
IT OCCURRED TO HER THAT,
WHILE THE CARRIER PIGEON
WAS SAFE INSIDE THE WINDMILL,
THE SAME COULD NOT BE SAID
FOR THE SITTING DUCK
CURRENTLY WAITING
ON THE DOORSTEP.
Narrator:
THIS WAS THE MOMENT OLIVE SNOOK
HAD BEEN WAITING FOR.
SHE NEED ONLY OPEN THE DOOR
TO EXPOSE CHUCK'S DECEIT
TO THE AUNTS,
AND THE PIE MAKER COULD BE HERS.
IT WAS EVERYTHING OLIVE WANTED,
AND YET...
SHE KNEW THAT THE AUNTS
WOULD BE TRAUMATIZED
BY THE DISCOVERY THAT
THE LATE CHARLOTTE CHARLES
WAS LATE NO MORE.
IN THAT MOMENT,
OLIVE FELT THE ANGRY FIRE
IN HER HEART
EXTINGUISHED BY A LIGHT BREEZE.
SHE HAD GROWN FOND
OF LILY AND VIVIAN
AND COULD NOT BRING HERSELF
TO HURT THEM.
AFTERNOON, GANG!
OLIVE?
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
PIE DELIVERY.
TART APPLE, I BELIEVE.
Narrator: WITH THOSE TWO WORDS,
CHUCK KNEW.
HER AUNTS WERE INSIDE.
OLIVE...
IF YOU KNOW WHAT'S GOOD FOR YOU,
AND I THINK YOU DO,
YOU'LL GIVE ME
TWO MINUTES.
WHY?
WHAT FOR?
OKAY.
GOODY, THEN.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHO WAS IT?
WRONG MILL.
MUST HAPPEN A LOT
AROUND HERE, HUH?
ANYWAY, I FEEL JUST AWFUL
THAT WE'VE TAKEN UP SO MUCH
OF YOUR DAY.
WE SHOULD REALLY BE GOING.
UH, DO YOU MIND IF WE USE
THE BACK DOOR?
I JUST WANTED TO TAKE A PEEK
AT YOUR GARDEN ON THE WAY OUT.
THANKS! BYE!
NED.
HMM?
DO YOU REMEMBER BEFORE,
WHEN I TOLD YOU ALL THE THINGS
I'D LEARNED ABOUT YOU?
JEALOUS, ROMANTIC,
JEALOUS.
I FELT I HAD
TO SAY IT TWICE.
RIGHT. WELL, NOW MIGHT BE
A REALLY GOOD TIME
FOR YOU TO WRITE DOWN ALL
THE THINGS YOU LEARNED ABOUT ME.
WHY?
WELL, THAT WAY,
IF STUFF HAPPENS...
JUST REMEMBER THE LIST.
Emerson: TIME'S UP.
WELL, NOW,
WASN'T THAT A NICE OUTING?
I COULD USE A DRINK.
YOUNG PEOPLE DEPRESS LILY
BECAUSE SHE'S AFRAID OF DYING.
Narrator: AS LILY WONDERED
WHETHER SHE WAS AFRAID OF DYING
OR SIMPLY MISSED FEELING ALIVE,
SHE ALLOWED HERSELF ONE DEEP
BREATH OF FRESH COUNTRY AIR.
[ INHALES,
EXHALES DEEPLY ]
I DON'T THINK WE'VE BEEN
OUT SINCE -- CHARLOTTE?!
NO NEED TO YELL HER NAME.
I THINK HEAVEN'S CLOSER
THAN WE THINK.
I AGREE.
HMM!
HANDUP!
[ CLICKING ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
LEMUEL, I'LL WRITE YOU!
Narrator: THE PIE MAKER
AND THE GIRL HE CALLED "CHUCK"
MARVELED AT LOVE'S POWER
TO CONQUER ALL OBSTACLES --
DISTANCE AND TIME...
HARDSHIP AND PAIN...
A LACK OF RECIPROCATION...
EVEN DEATH.
YOUR HUSBAND
WAS A GREAT PILOT.
HE DIDN'T KILL HIMSELF.
A PIGEON DID, BY ACCIDENT.
[ COOING ]
Narrator:
WITH PIDGE'S HELP,
THE LONG-DISTANCE LOVE AFFAIR
OF LEFTY AND ELSITA
CONTINUED TO SOAR.
AND THE PIE MAKER REALIZED THAT,
WHILE SOME OBSTACLES
MAY NEVER DISAPPEAR...
CARE TO DANCE?
HMM. YES, PLEASE.
[ CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS ]
Narrator: ...YOU CAN ALWAYS FIND
A WAY TO WORK AROUND THEM.
[ CHUCK GIGGLES ]
DIP?
[ GASPS ]
YOU CAUGHT ME.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]